Hello everybody.
Welcome to the last video on predicting the likelihood of you signing a loan based on financial history.
In the previous periods we finalized the model building process and we ended up with a Malata gibbers.
Sixty four percent accuracy.
So let's talk about how we can use this model.
Now our model of course has given us the 64 percent accuracy we did.
We have an algorithm that can help predict whether or not a user will complete this e-zines step.
One way to leverage this model is to target those predicted not to reach the same pace with customized
onboarding.
This means that when the lid arrives from our marketplace they may receive a different onboarding experience
based on how likely they are to finish digital or on board in process the original process is going
to help our company minimize how many people drop off from the onboarding on this one of these screens
is as effective as we as a company decide to build it.
Therefore any user drop off in his funnel force entirely on our shoulders.
This is entirely about how we decide is onboarding so we can maximize how many people can reach that
screen.
So we knew Borean screens built intentionally to lead these users to finalize the loan application.
We can actually attempt to get more than 40 percent of those users put in at the finish the process
to actually complete the e-zines there.
And what 40 percent what.
We know that our model has a run a 64 percent accuracy.
Okay.
So eve of all the people who have predicted not to reach the esign step 64 percent of them have been
correctly predict on average of course this means that only around 36 to 40 percent of the subset of
people are expected to reach the esign step into complete it.
So if we can change the onboarding process so we can get more than the 36 to 40 percent number and we
can increase it then we can drastically increase profits.
Many many companies like the ones we are putting into work for prebuy hundreds if not thousands of loans
every day and they get money for each one of these loans.
So if we can increase the percentage of loan takers and we would apply this percentage by all the thousands
or hundreds of people that were given loans every day were increasing profits drastically and all of
this is done with a simple model.
And this is the beauty of this case there is course is that we don't need complex machine learning models
to get Palio into your company.
Many times when they are scientists are joining a company they're going to join with very small set
of experience.
Not everybody is going to have five or 10 years of experience.
So they're only going to know how to build simple models.
But as long as they understand the business context and they know how to leverage this model then the
profits are there for you to acquire.
So they we're afraid if your model can be a little bit simple as long as the results are there well
this is the end of this third case study and Syntec is a entire place to go over all of this case studies.
Thank you very much for watching.
And I hope you enjoyed the next case that is coming up.